We had a look at classes and object oriented programming in the last module, in this module, we'll have
a look behind the scenes of that because it turns out that this class feature, this class keyword is
relatively new in Javascript,
the idea of working with objects and of having blueprints for these objects as well as having dependencies
with inheritance is not new however.
So in this module, we'll have a look at how we did that in the past because as you will see, it will also
help us understand the present and some of the pitfalls
there a bit better, to be precise in this module, we'll have a look at behind the scenes of classes
and objects
as I mentioned, we'll explore constructor functions which is a way of building objects based on blueprints
without classes,
it actually is what classes do behind the scenes and we'll have a look at prototypes and a concept called
prototypical inheritance which is what the extends keyword when you use inheritance with classes does
behind the scenes basically.
It's super important to understand the concepts taught in this module because they are a core of Javascript,
will be subject of many Javascript interviews and every Javascript developers should understand these
concepts
since they are such an important part of the language and of the behind the scenes stuff that happens
in the language.